I'm bonyen garden my style of dance
would be quick sensual and passionate
the most challenging part for the
beginner is to cope with pressure but I
will be there every step of the way
my name is vitiligo cheetah music just
does something to me
I have to dance it just happened
something to my body I cannot control
I am two times world professional tendon
champion five times US national champion
and now I'm on Strictly Come Dancing
I'm Deneb menara I've danced with
Jennifer Lopez I've danced on Glee I've
danced on national and worldwide
television I'm a very sexy Latin
senorita so I'm hoping my partner can
keep up
so until the Big Dance
oh gosh
see you today
is why
I'm Kevin as a dancer I bring lots of
energy and passion we have a hundred and
ten percent to every performance I know
it's gonna be extremely challenging to
teach someone who's never danced before
in one week to perform in front of
millions but I'm really up for it my
name is Ellie Ashe as a teacher I'm very
strict but definitely I love fun as well
I'm used to winning championships and
Strictly Come Dancing is going to be no
different so other pros better watch out
for us
neither care
mr. play the play
one
oh sweet - totally
this way
yes what
fish
this way just
yes